chicago_south assault ani_refl
chicago_south assault iso_refl
chicago_south burglary ani_refl
chicago_south burglary iso_refl
chicago_north assault ani_refl
chicago_north assault iso_refl
chicago_north burglary ani_refl
chicago_north burglary iso_refl
chicago_northwest assault ani_refl
chicago_northwest assault iso_refl
chicago_northwest burglary ani_refl
chicago_northwest burglary iso_refl
chicago_west assault ani_refl
chicago_west assault iso_refl
chicago_west burglary ani_refl
chicago_west burglary iso_refl
chicago_southwest assault ani_refl
chicago_southwest assault iso_refl
chicago_southwest burglary ani_refl
chicago_southwest burglary iso_refl
chicago_central assault ani_refl
chicago_central assault iso_refl
chicago_central burglary ani_refl
chicago_central burglary iso_refl
chicago_far_southwest assault ani_refl
chicago_far_southwest assault iso_refl
chicago_far_southwest burglary ani_refl
chicago_far_southwest burglary iso_refl
chicago_far_southeast assault ani_refl
chicago_far_southeast assault iso_refl
chicago_far_southeast burglary ani_refl
chicago_far_southeast burglary iso_refl
chicago_far_north assault ani_refl
chicago_far_north assault iso_refl
chicago_far_north burglary ani_refl